Hi. I'm Ben Goldberg,
and I'll be your instructor for this course.
Before we get started,
I want to tell you a little bit about myself.
Most of my career has been centered around data engineering of one kind or another.
I spent the beginning of my career working on computer vision,
teaching airborne systems to understand in parts of the world around them.
I worked on artificial intelligence startup that was able to
transform raw data sets into written language,
which is where I had my first introduction to
many of the concepts we'll cover in this course.
I'm currently located in Chicago where I'm a staff engineer at SpotHero.
At SpotHero, I founded built and lead our data engineering team.
Beyond my work at SpotHero,
I'm an instructor for the Udacity Data Engineering nanodegree
having previously taught about airflow.
I'm also an open source contributor and maintainer for a number of
data engineering tools such as Kafka Kubernetes charts,
Airflow, and Schema Registry.
The approaches we're going to cover in this course
represent the best practices that I've learned throughout
my day-to-day work as a data engineer
and through collaborating with colleagues in the space.